Restructuring of Kubernetes components section. (#138)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/operations/kubernetes/kube-apiserver.md

---
title: kube-apiserver
weight: 3
---

The Kubernetes API server validates and configures data for the API objects,

> which include pods, services, and replicationcontrollers, among others. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which include pods, services, and replication controllers, among others. The
```

server performs REST operations while also serving as the frontend to the
shared state of a cluster, through which the other components interact.

You can configure the Kubernetes API server for all controllers through the

> `apiServer` section of the MKE configuration file, an example of which follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`apiServer` section of the MKE configuration file:
```

```yaml
spec:
  apiServer:
    audit:
      enabled: false
      logPath: /var/lib/k0s/audit.log
      maxAge: 30
      maxBackup: 10
      maxSize: 10
    encryptionProvider: /var/lib/k0s/encryption.cfg
    eventRateLimit:
      enabled: false
    requestTimeout: 1m0s
```

> You can further configure kube-apiserver using the `extraArgs` field to define

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can further configure Kubernetes API server using the `extraArgs` field to define
```
